README.md, before:

##Setup a Storyboard based LaunchScreen for iOS 8 based devices.
- Download the project to a folder, remember where you put it.  Unpack as necessary.
- Navigate to that folder in Finder
- Click on the <strong>LaunchImage.xcodeproj</strong> file to launch Xcode.
- Click on the Images.xcassets entry.
- Under the <strong>AppIcon</strong> entry, right-click (CMD-click) and choose New Image Set.
- Drag the image you want for your 1x splash image to the 1x slot, your 2x splash image to the 2x slot and your 3x image to the 3x slot.
- Click on the <strong>LaunchScreen.xib</strong> file.
- Change the text of the label as desired, or delete the label if you do not want it.
- Click on the UIImageView and then click on <strong>Image</strong> field in the Attributes Inspector and choose <strong>Image</strong> from the pull down.
- Make any other design changes that you want.  This example does a simple image and label.
- Save your project.
- Open the <strong>Terminal</strong> app and change directory to where your <strong>LaunchScreen.xib file exists. It's inside the LaunchImage/Base.lproj folder.
- Type in this command:  <code>ibtool --compile LaunchScreen.nib LaunchScreen.xib</code>
- Copy the LaunchScreen.nib file to your project folder where your main.lua lives.
- Add a key <strong>UILaunchStoryboardName</strong> with a value of <strong>"LaunchScreen"</strong> to the <code>plist</strong>.
- Remove any UILaunchImage key you might be using.
- Make sure the iamges you included above are in the folder with your main.lua.
- Build your app for iOS.

An example build.settings might be:

    settings = {
        iphone = {
    	    plist = {
                UILaunchStoryboardName = "LaunchScreen"
    	    }
    	}
     }

Commit message:

Updated the README to match changes in the project

README.md, after:

##Setup a Storyboard based LaunchScreen for iOS 8 based devices.
- Download the project to a folder, remember where you put it. Unpack as necessary.
- Navigate to that folder in Finder
- Click on the <strong>LaunchImage.xcodeproj</strong> file to launch Xcode.
- Click on the Asset.xcassets entry.
- Click on the <strong>Launch</strong> entry.
- Drag the image you want for your 1x splash image to the 1x slot, your 2x splash image to the 2x slot and your 3x image to the 3x slot. The images should be named "launch.png", "launch@2x.png" and "launch@3x.png"
- Click on the <strong>LaunchScreen.storyboard</strong> file.
- Save your project.
- From the menu, click File->Export. Then choose: "Interface Builder Storyboard <strong>Package</strong>" and select the main folder of your project. Leave the name "LaunchScreen".
- Edit your build.settings and add a key <strong>UILaunchStoryboardName</strong> with a value of <strong>"LaunchScreen"</strong> to the <code>plist</strong>.
- Remove any UILaunchImage table you might be using.
- Make sure the images you included above are in the folder with your main.lua.
- Build your app for iOS.

An example build.settings might be:

    settings = {
        iphone = {
    	    plist = {
                UILaunchStoryboardName = "LaunchScreen"
    	    }
    	}
     }
